So as a next step in our little application which is slowly taking shape here let's work on the places
we are able to view our users and when we click a user I want to view all the places that belong to
that user.
And right now that is just not happening.
I can click the user and I in the end just reload this page over and over again.
The reason for that simply is that we haven't set up any a route here in app J.S. Dad would handle a
case that we want to view the places of a user.
Now for Dad we first of all should create a new page up Places page which is responsible for showing
all the places of a user.
So in the pages folder in the places folder I'll add a user places J as file and in there I want to
have a component which will fetches and renders all the places that belong to a user.
Now the fetching part will only happen later once we also have a back end to connect the app to.
But for now here will also work with some dummy data.
So let's import react from or react here and create our user place as a component as we did multiple
times before in this course.
And of course export this component here like that.
And now I want to return my list of places.
Now that list of places will actually be outsourced in a separate component.
You don't have to do that.
But again I want to keep my page component lean I want to keep every component lean and therefore split
my app into smaller pieces.
For that we can add a place list J.S. file in the components folder in the places folder for example
and add a place list see us as file there so that some styling can all to be added and also maybe add
a place item j s in a place item C as this file so that we can split this up even more.
And just as we did it with the user managed list an item separated from each other so in place list.
J Yes dear I want to import react from react again.
And create my place list component where we will receive some props to configure what we output and
in the end of course I export place list and we can also at the CSA s import to dot slash place list
C as s we can copy all that content into place item because in the end this file here will look very
similar.
Justin we're talking about the place item component and hence we should adjust you see us as import
and also the names down there.
Now back to place list in there.
The idea is surprisingly to output a list of places.
Well at least if we have places so similar to what we did in our users list component and therefore
we might be able to merge some logic but I'm not sure I will leave it separated here although to make
it clearer and easier to follow so similar to that our component though I will first of all check if
my items prop which I expect to get which should be an array of places if the length of that is equal
to zero which means I have no places in that case I want to return a card in the end where I say no
place has found so I'll return a dev here first of all with a class name of place stash list and then
center as a extra class and so two classes added to that div and then I want to add my card.
So import the card component from the shared folder components UI elements card and then in that div
render that card like that and in their add age to tag where I say no place has found maybe create one
and then also below that a button which says a share place or actually that should be a link later which
leads to the new place page.
So I could import the link here from react ruder Dom but actually will soon create a custom button which
can be either a button or a link and therefore for now I'll just leave that button place holder which
for the moment won't do anything.
So that's our fallback if we have no places then we return this content.
Now of course hopefully we do have some places.
So let's all to handle that scenario in that scenario.
I want to render unordered list with a class of place list added to it.
And in there similar to what we had in the users list.
I want to loop where I want to go for all my items and map this array of vanilla javascript objects
which will have there to an array of j x elements so we can output something dynamic here with curly
braces and then props items.
Map is the way to go.
This allows us to go through every place we have and then render a place item for every place.
Now for that let's import the place item component.
Import place item from the sibling place item file which is in the same folder.
And now we can pass data to place item for one we need to set that special key property react requires.
It always requires that when you're rendering sibling items that have the same type.
So put in other words if you are outputting a list of J as X elements then here I want to have a key
of place idea and also an idea which I want to forward also place ideas then I want to forward an image
because every place should have an image so I will for workplace start let's say image you are L of
course it's up to you which data you expect here.
You just have to make sure that when you later create and fetch the data it has to structure.
You are expecting here.
So I am expecting that a place has an image you are L property and an idea.
I also want to have a title on my place so I will forward place thoughts.
Title I always want to have a short description so I will forward place thoughts description and also
an address a human readable address which should be placed dot address.
In addition a place is created by a user and that user has an idea.
So I will forward place dot creator to recreate her I.D. prop and the coordinates are all the required.
We have the address to show the human readable address but I also need the coordinates to showed us
on a map because we're going to render a map as well and there I want to have place start location as
a property on the place that holds these coordinates coordinates will be an object with a left for latitude
and the LNG for longer to property but you'll see this in action later with that we added a bunch of
data we feed into place item for now I think that does the trick.
Now let's work on place item and let's make sure we do something with all the data there.
Now place item will become a bit more complex in the future but for the moment it can be very straightforward.
I want to return a list item here a list item that also gets a class place item and that now somehow
needs to output all the information we get.
For example here I want to output an image for that I'll add a div and dad div will also receive a class
name of place stash item underscore underscore image and in their we can add an image element and set
the source to props dot image because we will past his image prop to place items so we can reference
it there.
All can be said to prop start Tidal.
Now we'll know that Dave.
I'll add another div with a class name of place stash item underscore underscored info and here I won't
have h to tag where I outputs the title and I h free tack where I output the address and then let's
say a paragraph where I outputs D description now by the way I will of course again provide some styling
to use so make sure you got all the class names and so on right.
And you got the same h t mail structure so that the styles work for you of course you can deviate from
my structure and setup but then you'll have to adjust the styles on your own last but the least I'll
add one last diff year to every list item and that is a div that receives C as is class as well.
The place stash item underscore underscore actions class and in a year I want to have buttons that allow
the user to enter act with that place D interaction here should be that you can view the place on a
map.
So that should open up an overlay which shows to place on a map and we will of course add that functionality
for this module.
I want to have a number button which allows us to edit displays later we will make sure that we only
see this button.
If we are the creator of the place for now it will always be shown at the same for a delete button.
Later it will only be shown if you did create the place for the moment.
It's always shown so we get these free but the stare.
Now I want to wrap my my place here.
In the end with the card component so we'll import that card component which we import earlier from
shared components UI elements card and then instead of the list item add the card surrounding all the
devs and to the card itself.
I'll also add a clause placed stash item underscore underscore content.
With that we're we have some code that should output places.
Now it's time for some CSX and Dale for ask before attached to find a place item CSX file which holds
all the CSX code.
You should put into the place item C S S file in your project and you find a place list C as as file
which holds see us as code you should add to your place lists as s file and with that we hopefully have
a setup here that works.
Now back in user places of course we have to use our place list so there I will import.
Place list from going up one level components place list.
And then here return the place list component as a self closing component.
But of course here we have to pass an items on that items prop and that should be an array of the places
we want to display.
For that I will create a dummy array here actually outside of this function which will name dummy places
to make it really clear that this is only a temporary placeholder and in there we can now add some places.
Each place needs an I.D..
Let's say he won a title let's say Empire State Building description one of the most famous skyscrapers
in the world an image.
And there we have to be careful in place list.
I extract image you are L so I'll place should have a property named image you are L so let's name it
image you are L here where I will just pick a image from the web that shows the Empire State Building.
Here we go then the human readable address which I will simply fetch on google maps there I searched
for the Empire State Building and this is then the the address I want to use and for these coordinates
which I also need coordinates I am extracting location actually should be the name I'm extracting location
here so let's name this location and that should be a nested object with a lat and LNG key and both
should be numbers latitude and longitude which is the default measurement system for a coordinates.
You get that from google maps as well.
The thing you're after the at symbol that's the latitude before the comma.
So let's edit here and then after does karma here.
In my case the minus 73 ends on that is the long etude and the minus is part of the long etude.
So let's add that here.
And with that I have my dummy place here.
Now I will actually just duplicated the exact same place but with a different idea and I also forgot
that we need a creator field because we are also extracting the creator I.D. which should be stored
in a creator field and there I will use you one here and for the other place I will use you too and
these will be the ideas of the users who created the places for now as all the other things on this
front end here.
Of course that's just dummy data so we have all of that added.
Now we can feed our dummy places into 2D place list here.
So let's do that.
Just like this and save it.
And now to see whether that works.
We need a way of reaching user places and to reach it.
We need to adjust our roots of course because that is ultimately where we control which pages are loaded
for which you are El.
So here in app yes I will import the user places component from dot slash Places Pages user places and
now add a new route add a new route where the path we're looking for actually has a dynamic segment
you signal that to do you react router by adding a colon and then any identifier of your choice you
I.D. or a user I.D. whatever you want you will later be able to extract the actual value entered into
your URL for this segment in the component which is loaded.
This simply means you don't know the exact value yet it is dynamic here and will be the user I.D. and
of course we will have many users.
So this could be you one you you free.
Well we just want to handle any user idea here.
Now followed by places so that we can reach this route if we enter our domain slash some user I.D. slash
places.
If that's the path we have I want to reach user places here.
This component now lets all the ad exact here as we did it on the other roads to make sure that only
exactly this path loads this route and now we should be able to reach user places.
If we save that and we go back to our application and a click on the user we are going to a page which
has exactly this path.
So if I click here that looks good.
Here are our user places.
Now the buttons don't look awesome yet we can definitely work on those and we will.
But Abbott added that this looks really really neat.
Now you see my places is highlighted here.
This makes sense because at the moment and NAV links I set the link my places leads to to slash you
1 places.
Which is exactly where on the link we're on right now because we clicked on this user who has an idea
of you one and Dale 4.
Well does this is to you or all we have now what we're not doing is we're not making sure that we only
show the places that belong to that user.
This is something we're not doing and that will be the next step in user places.
We want to make sure that we filter out the places that don't have the I.D. of the user we have encoded
in the word L because we only want to see the places of the user with the idea you want not all places.
So this place with the idea of YouTube for the Creator.
We don't want to show that let's fix that.